New features with AN-2022-10-XX:

With great sadness we report the death of schilytools main author and
long time maintainer Jörg Schilling (1955-03-27--2021-10-10).  Jörg, we
miss you!  After his passing, development has been picked up by a group
of volunteers who would like to keep the project alive and well.  Our
goal is to carefully preserve the portability and compatibility of this
project while extending it to new platforms and implementing new tools
and features that fit the tool set.

As a part of the change in management, the schilytools project has moved
from Sourceforge to Codeberg.  Please report bugs and send patches to
our bug tracker:

	https://codeberg.org/schilytools/schilytools

or to our mailing list schilytools@mlists.in-berlin.de:

	https://mlists.in-berlin.de/mailman/listinfo/schilytools-mlists.in-berlin.de

If you have previously reported bugs to Jörg Schilling and they have not
been fixed, please report them again.  We do not have access to Jörg's
private emails and do not know what you have reported.

DEPRECATED FEATURES:

-	man2html: The man2html utility will be removed from schilytools
	in a future release.  Users who wish to continue using this
	utility are advised to use Thomas Dickey's version instead.

		https://dickey.his.com/scripts/man2html.html

NEW FEATURES:

-	libfind/sfind: Fix incorrect error handling of -exec ... {} + primaries.
	Previously in some cases the primary returned an error even though
	it should always return true and in other cases it completely
	disregarded the exit code. Now the primary always returns true and
	sets the exit code of libfind and sfind to a non-zero value in case
	one of the commands returned with a non-zero exit code.
	Reported by Tavian Barnes.  Submitted by Nico Sonack.

FUTURE DIRECTIONS:

-	RULES: symbol versioning will be enabled for FreeBSD after
	sufficient testing.

-	man2html: The utility will be removed in a future version (see
	DEPRECATED FEATURES).

-	With the switch of Solaris from SysV man page sections to BSD man
	page sections, a future version is planned to install man pages
	according to BSD conventions instead of SysV conventions.  This
	affects the man pages makefiles(4), makerules(4), sttreamarchive(4),
	changeset(4), sccsfile(4), sccschangeset(4), and star(4).

CONTRIBUTORS FOR THIS VERSION:

Nico SONACK <nsonack@herrhotzenplotz.de>

The schilytools maintainer
Robert Clausecker <fuz@fuz.su>
