New features with AN-2008-07-14:

-	"make install" now installes the libscg include files into $(INS_BASE)/include/scg/

-	config.guess now supports the "free" Apple Darwin variants

-	Fixed array index overrun in L1 coder in libedc. Thanks to Heiko Eißfeldt.
	The problem was reported by the coverity test. Note that the L1 coder
	is not used by cdrtools.

-	Cdrtools version -> "2.01.01a43"

-	New option -no-fork tells cdda2wav to run in unbuffered mode.

-	New option -interactive for cdda2wav

	The first test implemenation supports the following interactive commands:

	stop	stop reading

		If you like to empty the internal buffers,
		send "stop" read everything you get from the output pipe
		repeat this until no further data is available.

	cont	continue reading

	read trasks <trackno>	Start reading from new trackno

	read sectors <secno>	Start reading from new sector number

	exit
	quit	exit cdda2wav


	This new option is a result from a collaboration with the GNOME
	developers to make "sound-juicer" legal. Sound-juicer suffers from
	license problems from libcdio which is usually loaded as a 
	"gstreamer" plugin.

	The option -interactive together with the related new libgstcdda2wavsrc
	gives better quality of the extracted audio-data and does not cause license
	violations.

-	Added a workaround for some Linux filesystems that do not deliver "." and ".." 
	first with readdir() in mkisofs

-	Fixed mkisofs -x pattern not to exclude "." and ".." also

-	Always "." and ".." first to the dir content in mkisofs.


-	SCCS now properly calls _all_ sccs sub-program with the install path in order
	to avoid calling other SCCS instances installed in the same machine. These
	other SCCS instances may be buggy.

-	bsh now also supports a "pfbsh" mode (profile mode).

-	The builtin "set" command in bsh now supports to toggle the profile mode.
	This may be done via

	set -P and set +P

	or via

	set -o profile and set +o profile

-	bsh version bumped to 6.10

-	Try to avoid a core dump with smake with percent default rules like:

	foo%: 
		cmd

-	New links "pfsh" (for the profile Bourne Shell) and "bosh" (for Bo urne Shell).
	The latter is needed for platforms where "sh" is the Korn Shell.

-	The Bourne Shell builtin "set" command now supports to toggle the profile mode.
	This may be done via

	set -P and set +P

-	Fixed a potential buffer underrun in the Bourne Shell in 
	"profile mode" on Solaris.


Author:

Joerg Schilling
Seestr. 110
D-13353 Berlin
Germany

Email: 	joerg@schily.isdn.cs.tu-berlin.de, js@cs.tu-berlin.de
	schilling@fokus.fhg.de

Please mail bugs and suggestions to me.
