The content of this directory (except for the content of the directory
"cssctests") is part of the SCCS project. The content of the directory
"cssctests" (except for the content of the directory "cssctests/common")
has been taken from the CSSC project (from James Youngman).

We use the 1188 tests in "cssctests" for basic testing of the SCCS project and
the content from the directory "sccstests" for tests that are specific to this
version of SCCS and for enhanced additional tests.

To run the test, just type:

	smake

and check the output for problems that are flagged by the word FAIL or XFAIL.

	Please report any problems!

But note that some operating systems do not support everything.

	-	HP-UX will e.g. fail on some tests with "Arg list too long".

	-	AIX will fail with all dates before 1970 January 1
		as the time functions in libc return -1 or such dates
		and this will lead to dates like: 69/12/31 23:59:59

If you run "smake", this will install a copy of the current SCCS binaries
under /tmp/SCCSTEST. If you like to test something else, either manually
create a related set of binaries under /tmp/SCCSTEST or check below how to
use dir= to tell make to search the test binaries under a different directory.

If you only like to run the tests imported from CSSC, run:

	smake cssc-tests

The CSSC tests give a fairly good basic test coverage, but as CSSC does not
support every feature from SCCS, it may not be complete. See:
cssctests/README_ORIGIN for some hints on how we changed the CSSC test suite.

Running:

	smake cssc-v6-tests

will run the tests from above in SCCS v6 mode, but only in case that
the SCCS implementation under test supports SCCS v6 history files.

If you only like to run only the SCCS specific enhancement tests, run:

	smake sccs-tests

These tests in the directory sccstests do not do a full test (they assume
that thebasic tests are in cssctests). The tests in sccstests check in
addition:

-	Some SCCS features not tested by the CSSC test suite

-	Some corner cases that are supported by SCCS but prohibited by CSSC
	and thus not checked by the CSSC test suite.

-	A behavior supported by SCCS (e.g. permitting new flags in the SCCS
	history file) and needed to permit future SCCS enhancements.

-	Features added to SCCS by Sun (some of them are also found on HP-UX
	and probably other CDE-co-developers) and not tested by the
	CSSC test suite.

-	Features added by the Schily SCCS enhancement project (e.g. permit
	to switch off the "No id keywords" warnings via admin -fy) and not
	tested by the CSSC test suite.

-	Corner cases that have been made to work by this SCCS version,
	e.g. support for the time period beyond 1969..2068.

Running:

	smake sccs-v6-tests

will run the tests from above in SCCS v6 mode, but only in case that
the SCCS implementation under test supports SCCS v6 history files.


If you like to test other implementations or installations, run e.g.:

	dir=/usr/ccs/bin smake

to run all the tests against the SVr4 default install directory for SCCS.
